docs: add continous profiling docs (#11195)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/explore/profiling/index.mdx

## Profiling Page

On the [**Profiling**](https://sentry.io/orgredirect/organizations/:orgslug/profiling/) page, you'll find two tabs:  "transactions" and "flamegraph". The transactions tab lists transactions in descending order of execution-time for your selected project(s), while the flamegraph tab shows an aggregate flamegraph that spans across transactions. Depending on how profiling has been set up, you might be interested more in one than the other.

> Using the Profiling page is typically an advanced workflow, where you to directly select transactions of interest and examine detailed profiling data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the Profiling page is typically an advanced workflow where you can select transactions of interest directly and closely examine profiling data.
```

### Transactions Tab

This page shows a list of transactions in descending order of execution-time for your selected project(s).

![Transactions View](./img/profiling-page-transactions-view.png)

> The "Profiles by Percentiles" timeline chart can be used to filter the transaction data by highlighting the desired time period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "Profiles by Percentiles" timeline chart can be used to filter transaction data by highlighting a desired time period.
```

## Profiling Page

The **Profiling** page contains two main tabs which serve as the entrypoint to profiling - transactions and profiles. Depending on how you setup profiling, you might be interested in one or the other. The transactions tab lists transactions in descending order of execution time for your selected project(s) while the flamegraph tab shows an aggregate flamegraph that spans across transactions.

### Transactions Tab

This page shows a list of transactions in descending order of execution time for your selected project(s).

![Profiling page](./img/profiling-page-view.png)

The "Profiles by Percentiles" timeline chart can be used to filter the transaction data by highlighting the desired time period.

The "Slowest Functions" widget shows you a list of the functions that took the most time in your application. It lists the transactions the function was called from. Clicking on a transaction will take you to an example profile.

Using the Profiling page is typically an advanced workflow, enabling you to directly select transactions of interest and examine detailed profiling data.

### Flamegraph tab

> The flamegraph tab shows an aggregate flamegraph based off the query you selected. This tab is a great place to visualize a flamegraph across transaction boundaries and better understand how the system as a whole might be bottlenecked. The aggregate flamegraph is a more advanced workflow that serves to users which have setup continuous profiling and are interested in how their entire system performs.

Reviewer 2: There is no distinction between an aggregate flamegraph vs flamegraph. Saying aggregate is to be explicit as people often confuse the notion of a flamegraph (aggregate) vs flamechart (singular).

This information allows you to dive deeper into what your code was executing during this transaction and may get you closer to the root of the problem.

> If you want to narrow down your investigation to profiles executed under a specific environment, use the search bar filters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to narrow down your investigation to profiles executed in a specific environment, use the search bar filters.
```

> The right right side of the page has a list of the slowest functions. There's also a list of general information about the profile including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The right side of the page has a list of the slowest functions. There's also a list of general information about the profile including:
```
